4th Gen work . Why do u need 5th gen ? `` What be Linwood s middle name ? '' How will IT policy adapt to enable the increasingly tech savvy workforce to take advantage of new capability and data ? How be the policy regard removeable medium go to change to embrace real world use of usb device smaller medium such as sd card ... . Who have be migrate over to IC ITE ? When be the timeframe when other service get migrate over to IC ITE ? How do we allow use of DTE built Active Directory HBSS and other service to support ICITE cloud VMs to prevent a dulicate cost for these service in ICITE What be the status of the government-industry partnership regard the exchange of security information technique and procedure ? How will we incentivize the behavior we want to see with regard to data migration and IC ITE adoption ? Does adoption of the Risk Management Framework actually improve security or be this just another paperwork drill ? What IA policy or guidance change be plan to facilitate faster time to market for apps ? IA process be still a big hurdle in gettimg apps out fast . Looking toward the next three year what be your biggest security concern and why ? Do you have a plan to address it ? With the DNI mandating use of IC ITE and the ability to access IC ITE service from exist JWICS network why should the serivices spend over $ 120M o What effort be be make to ensure that security mechanism and threat/risk assessment be include in the earliest phase of system development ? IC ITE will be invaluable for the classified environment but what about the unclassified space where most of the data we will want to access will be resident ? With the DNI mandating use of IC ITE and the ability to access IC ITE service from exist JWICS network why should the serivices spend over $ 120M on DTE ? Will the IC provide a single low-to-high cross domain solution to scan CD/DVDs ? We all need to do this but there be no standard solution . `` Since IC ITE have be mandate for the entire IC why isn t there a strategy beyond the IC quint ? If there be a strategy what agency have roadmap lead ? '' What be be done to facilitate the adoption of secure wireless and mobile device in the TS environment ? ESITE be rumor to release very few DIA TOs . Will the CIO decouple some TOs to How can Agile 12 support function prepare and expose user ( process people tech ) to be successiful in the vastly different environment offer by IC ITE ? What be key initiaitves CIOs run to bridge the perception gap between what IT think they deliver versus what the customer perceive be deliverd ? Managing CIO as a business make sense . In order for ICITE to be optimize ODNI Big 5 need to all apply the same approach . Are they on board ? How do you ( the CIO ) see technology place within your agency change in the next 3-5 year and what be you do to prepare for that change ? service-specific bureaucracy that be inconsistent with IC doctrine and direction ? IC ITE be originally project to lead to dramatic IT efficiencies which will not occur for many year if at all . How can the IC afford IC ITE transition ? Core relationship with DIA have suffer in recent year with component bring identify as non-core customer be business process to improve with IC ITE ? When it come to cybersecurity how do you reach a level of comfort to assure your EXCOM that you be do enough ? For non-core customer how will migrate to IC ITE change amount of $ $ require by the current DIA fee for service ? Will COMSATCOM require to deliver actionable intelligence to special force and other tactical operational force be include in ICITE architecture/transport ? `` Providing AWS to the entire IC so quickly be impressive . Looking forward 10 year what s the risk of vendor lock-in for agency that tightly integrate on AWS '' `` Would the CIO post an interactive project dashboard on JWICS providing transparency all project status for user visibility info share collaboration ? '' Follow-up to a previous question will the IC provide a method to `` dirty word '' scan large quantity of data ( CD/DVDs etc ) for transfer High-to-Low ? What confidence should we place in current cyber security policy and practice with regard to how PII be protect in light of the OPM breach ? `` With all the discussion on ICITE transition how do we ensure we don t unintentionally fracture our ability to share and conduct operation with ouur 5-Eyeallir '' Will IC ITE include a cross domain solution as a core service that will allow secure movement and share of information among all agencies/users ? `` How be the CIO demystifying the user-base s perception that it take too long ( and too much $ $ ) to get anything new built deploy ? '' `` DIA s focus be Defense intelligence a large customer mission base not on JWICS . How be DIA inproving capability below JWICS ? '' How will the big data enterprise of IC ITE distinguish exfiltration behavior ( bad ) from technology infuse PED innovation ( good ) to counter insider threat `` At what stage be the U.S. Army in enabling its element access to IC ITE and when and how will Army user be able to access and use the Apps Mall ? '' Is it true that the J2s be get their money back to buy service v the 2005-ish shift to the J2 $ $ go directly.to DIA ? What governance or policy be be or have be create to `` force '' or `` mandate '' the IC at large to fully participate in IC ITE ? When should Services start programming for IC ITE service ? How will IC ITE address the provisioning of classified connectivity to the clear contractor community in order to improve industry-government collaboration ? `` What be the IC doing to protect its information from hacker around the world and why should we trust that our informative I ll be safe ? '' What be the community do to attract and keep the next generation of technical professional ? What be leadership do across the community to improve non-IT process and policy to enable easier adoption of service . ESITE be rumor to release very few TOs . Will the CIO decouple some TOs so the IDIQ spread the wealth as well as the risk ( risk of all egg in one basket ) ? `` Why be DAE s architecture different than the ODNI s IC ITE architecture guidance ? Won t that result in waste $ $ and lack of easy interoperability ? '' `` Follow up to dashboard . Wouldn t this transparency result in less : shelf-ware scope creep and misinformation WRT : delivery ground-truth ? '' `` What be rhe rational behind awarding 50 ESITE prime contract ? It didn t stop protest . It s cause a riff between industry and government . '' Why free and open source mandate for AppsMalll by the DNI ? How be hire more developer to code opensource/fee ware well than buy a licensed solution ? Arent the AppsMall and the upcoming AWS marketplace redundant ? Feeware=freeware Single helpdesk ? How do you plan to handle the workload ? Last time I call the DoDIIS helpdesk I have no less than 18 call ahead of me . What be the relationship between Apps Mall and Amazon Marketplace ? How do Apps Mall . IC Market place compare and work with the DI2E Framework Why be my question concern the helpdesk still pending and not fully post ? What be the status on the establishment of service level agreement between the icite provider and their consumer ? How will academia partner with JWICS access get migrate into IT ITE ? What be the time line for academia ? You do realize the mil service be require to use DISA service for UNCLASSIFIED SECRET why be the IC building its own v leverage the DOD capabilities ? Are you go to ask these question or not ? Data tagging sound great but how will the compilation of lower classification data result in a higher classification be handle ? How be all this be pay ? How be the community meeting ( or fail to meet ) the demand under NDAA 12 to consolidate and reduce the datacenter footprint ? What be be done to secure open source software and technology since the world be expose to the underlying code ? Your military customer be not on your network . How do you get actionable intelligence to operational user on their network ? Tell us one success with JIE integration and interoperability in a production environment . Will those of us already on DTE Phase 1 be able to communicate via chat phone and video with the user on DTE Phase 2 as its roll out ? How long will we be maintain legacy system ? `` Who ultimately decide on a path forward that ensure everyone play and doesn t go out on their own ? '' Where do INSCOM fit in the movement to IC ITE ? Is use of C2S to host the DTE VDI and other DTE service on the future roadmap ? if not why ? Why do we have 2 cloud ( govcloud and C2S ) ? Doesnt this cause confusion for IT PMs to what cloud to leverage and defeat the purpose of IC ITE ? Have you change any of your tech intent after the OPM Snowden and Manning attack underscore the nature of the threat ? What do it mean for a new tech capability from provider and vendor to be IC ITE compliant or align with IC ITE ? `` Why have no one be charge to create and share an overall IC ITE architecture and how the part interact and how it s fund ? '' How can you be sure there will be a realization of efficiencies/cost avoidance if cost allocation model at the agency level be still in their infancy ? What be the IC contracting and cost model for the AppsMall ? How do agency user pay and how will industry get compensate for provision IC apps ? `` With the IC ITE integration mandate do the IC plan to consolidate C2S and Govcloud capability to better meet mission user need eliminate confusion ? '' How will network cost be recover with the implementation of Internet Exchange Points ( IXPs ) and Campus Area Networks ( CANs ) ? Is there a chance that your focus on one major cloud vendor will lock you into someone in a way that make you too dependent ? What be be done to secure open source software and technology since the world be expose to the underlying code ? Where will slide ( and perhaps meet note ) from the past 3 day be available ? How be DIA integrating all of the IT change into The physical security layer in ICD 705 . Will there be streamline an ICD 705 We have hear a lot about new apps but not how those be be securely develop . When will software assurance become a part of the icite strategy ? If bureaucracy be the antithesis of accelerate intelligence integration what be IC CIOs do to update our date acquisition process With traditional c a process move to the rmf approach how will icite address the need for software security be integrate into the SLDC ? What be be done to change the culture of overclassification to encourage real collaboration with 2P partner ? Can you speak to the process how company get their software onto AMS ? How do this change current acquisition process for commercial software/applications ? The Acquisition tail continue to wag the mission dog . What be be done to turn this around ? Where be agile acquisition ? Which Agency will take the lead to support Small Business Defense Contractors on the low side who want to support ICITE . Will there be an affordable transition ? Is use of C2S to host the DTE VDI and other DTE service on the future roadmap ? If not why ? How will IC-ITE recover network cost after the implementation of Internet Exchange Points ( IXPs ) and Campus Area Networks ( CANs ) ? Why use sli.do if a question with 1 upvote will be prioritize over one with 66 upvotes ? The panel interaction seem to be lead to a theme of `` One IC '' . I be encouraged .